Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.
POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to
THROUGH the earth!  How funny it'll seem to come out among the
Please, Ma'am, is this New Zealand or Australia?' (and she tried
But do cats eat bats, I wonder?'  And here Alice began to get
How she longed to get out of that dark hall, and wander about
I could shut up like a telescope!  I think I could, if I only
Alice was not going to do THAT in a hurry.  `No, I'll look
First, however, she waited for a few minutes to see if she was
She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very
I can reach the key; and if it makes me grow smaller, I can creep
English); `now I'm opening out like the largest telescope that
Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!'
It was the White Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a
I shall never get to twenty at that rate!  However, the
Multiplication Table doesn't signify:  let's try Geography.
London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of Rome,
Mabel, I'll stay down here!  It'll be no use their putting their
Conqueror.'  (For, with all her knowledge of history, Alice had
I think you'd take a fancy to cats if you could only see her.
She is such a dear quiet thing,' Alice went on, half to herself,
The Mouse did not answer, so Alice went on eagerly:  `There is
A little bright-eyed terrier, you know, with oh, such long curly
He says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!' cried Alice in a
Mouse was swimming away from her as hard as it could go, and
Duck and a Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious
This is the driest thing I know.  Silence all round, if you please!
Morcar, the earls of Mercia and Northumbria--"'
Morcar, the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him:
There was exactly one a-piece all round.
Alice, and sighing.
Some of the birds hurried off at once:  one old Magpie began
In a little while, however, she again heard a little pattering of
Oh my dear paws!  Oh my fur and whiskers!  She'll get me
As she said this, she came upon a neat little house, on the door
SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen,' she said to herself,
When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied that kind of thing
I grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she added in a
HERE.'
I'm here!  Digging for apples, yer honour!'
Come and help me out of THIS!'  (Sounds of more broken glass.)
Bill's got the other--Bill! fetch it here, lad!--Here, put 'em up
Here, Bill! catch hold of this rope--Will the roof bear?--Mind
Alice to herself.  `Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill!
I wouldn't be in Bill's place for a good deal:  this fireplace is
Bill!' then the Rabbit's voice along--`Catch him, you by the
What happened to you?  Tell us all about it!'
Alice called out as loud as she could, `If you do.  I'll set
Dinah at you!'
The poor little Lizard, Bill, was in the middle, being held up by
They all made a rush at Alice the moment she appeared; but she
I think that will be the best plan.'
I must have been changed several times since then.'
I'm not myself, you see.'
I used--and I don't keep the same size for ten minutes together!'
And she thought of herself, `I wish the creatures wouldn't be so
In a minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its
However, at last she stretched her arms round it as far as they
Her chin was pressed so closely against her foot, that there was
HAVE my shoulders got to?  And oh, my poor hands, how is it I
Alice.
Pigeon; `but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and
Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all over their
VERY nearly at the top of his head.  But at any rate he might
Duchess sneezed occasionally; and as for the baby, it was
Alice, and she went on.  `Would you tell me, please, which way I
I'm mad.  You're mad.'
Dormouse was sitting between them, fast asleep, and the other two
Alice indignantly, and she sat down in a large arm-chair at one
I say--that's the same thing, you know.'
Hare.
Alice again.
You know the song, perhaps?'
Here the Dormouse shook itself, and began singing in its sleep
Dormouse!'  And they pinched it on both sides at once.
Dormouse began in a great hurry; `and their names were Elsie,
Lacie, and Tillie; and they lived at the bottom of a well--'
I can't take more.'
Dormouse, and repeated her question.  `Why did they live at the
March Hare moved into the Dormouse's place, and Alice rather
I should think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well--eh,
M, such as mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness--
And in she went.
King's crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this
So she stood still where she was, and waited.
She said it to the Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.
Off--'
Queen was silent.
King, the Queen, the royal children, and everybody else.
And then, turning to the rose-tree, she went on, `What HAVE you
She was walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously
I said "What for?"'
WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face, with such a
Cat seemed to think that there was enough of it now in sight, and
Alice could see it trying in a helpless sort of way to fly up
Duchess:  you'd better ask HER about it.'
ALL.  Soup does very well without--Maybe it's always pepper that
King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and under sentence of
Alice, `Have you seen the Mock Turtle yet?'
THAT'S a good thing!' she said to herself, for she had felt quite
Queen:  so she waited.
Queen till she was out of sight:  then it chuckled.  `What fun!'
Turtle angrily:  `really you are very dull!'
Don't be all day about it!' and he went on in these words:
Turtle in a tone of great relief.  `Now at OURS they had at the
Turtle replied; `and then the different branches of Arithmetic--
Ambition, Distraction, Uglification, and Derision.'
I suppose?'
Drawling, Stretching, and Fainting in Coils.'
Gryphon.
Mock Turtle, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures,
Gryphon.  `We can do without lobsters, you know.  Which shall
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
They are waiting on the shingle--will you come and join the
Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, will you join the
Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, won't you join the
When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to
But the snail replied "Too far, too far!" and gave a look
Said he thanked the whiting kindly, but he would not join the
The further off from England the nearer is to France--
Then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance.
Alice, feeling very glad that it was over at last:  `and I do so
Gryphon.  `Do you know why it's called a whiting?'
FATHER WILLIAM,' to the Caterpillar, and the words all coming
However, she got up, and began to repeat it, but her head was so
Alice was only too glad to do so.
Gryphon went on.  `Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you
Alice replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather
Alice could not stand, and she went round the court and got
Bill, the Lizard) could not make out at all what had become of
Hatter, who turned pale and fidgeted.
I'll have you executed on the spot.'
Queen, and in his confusion he bit a large piece out of his
Hatter, and, just as the Dormouse crossed the court, she said to
Dormouse denied nothing, being fast asleep.
Dormouse!  Turn that Dormouse out of court!  Suppress him!  Pinch
Dormouse turned out, and, by the time they had settled down
Queen, `Really, my dear, YOU must cross-examine the next witness.
It quite makes my forehead ache!'
Imagine her surprise, when the White Rabbit read out, at the top
ALL,' he repeated with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as
Alice.
They were just beginning to write this down on their slates, when
HIGH TO LEAVE THE COURT.'
Alice.
Then again--"BEFORE SHE HAD THIS FIT--"  you never had fits, my
Lizard as she spoke.  (The unfortunate little Bill had left off
King said, for about the twentieth time that day.
Nobody moved.
Adventures of hers that you have just been reading about; and
Duchess's knee, while plates and dishes crashed around it--once
Mock Turtle.
Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and
Wonderland of long ago:  and how she would feel with all their
